                            LITERATURE SURVEY
                    SIGN WITH SMART CONNECTIVITY FOR BETTER ROAD SAFETY


                  Road safety, trafic congestion and efficiency of tha transpoart
                  sector are major global concerns.Improving this is tha primary
                  objective of intelligent transport system (IOT) based solution
                  for ITS would enable motorists to obtain prior contextual
                  guidance to reduce congestion and potential hazards .IOT based
                  solution enabling collection of data from client nodes in a
                  wireless sensor network in a transport environment  implementing
                  ITS goals is studied .The parameter to be monitered ,type of sensor 
                  and communication related design parameter are iddentify to develope 
                  an effective IOT based solution. Road safety technique studied include
                  distance sensing, imporper driving detection and accident avioddance. 
                  Vehile to vehile communication and vehile to infrastructre based
                  channel are stuided. Wireless communication technologies suitable for 
                  channel are studied. additional benefits and survices that can be added 
                  to a system with the IOT approach are also studied. The effectiveness
                  of such a system is studied is the use of validation feamwork. Multiple
                  case studies of cueernt and future IOT based ITS along with the challenge 
                  in the appication is discussed.
                  
                  ROAD SAFETY AUDIT IN INDIA
                    A review ISSN:2347-4718 This paper had reviewed the concept of the mad 
                  safety audit and its stages.Object of the RSA is to evalute vrntures for
                 potential mishaps end lessioning on the premise of mad client learning
                 characteristics and aptitude, day right road condiction. It suggested
                 on outline and design, markings,signs,signals,lighting point of interest,
                 Detail Design of function,Design of geometrics. cross-fall marking and
                 signs, side drains.Embankment slpos, presence of clear zone,Traffic Signal 
                 lignting.

                  ROAD SAFETY ANALYSIS USING MULTI CRITERIA APPOROACH,A CASE STUDY IN INDIA
                 
                    World conference on Transport Research-WCTR 2016 Shanghai.10-15 july
                  2016 In this paper a study was carrier out to determine the priority
                  of safety requirement of a certain category of rural roads,viz,.
                  pradhan mantri gram sadal yojana (PMGSY) road in the district of rajasthan
                  india.Multi-criteria technique werw used to quantity the safety levels
                  Turther analysis was done on the road having the worst safety feature to
                  rank various strcture.

                  REFERENCE:
                 [1] Cyberabad Traffic Police(2017)
                 [2] Francis John Gichaga, The impact of Road improvement on road safety and
                 related characterics.IATSS Reseacher (2016),University of Nairobi, Kenya
                